SEP-1850: Migrate SEP process from issues to pull requests (#1850)
modelcontextprotocol/modelcontextprotocol: docs/community/sep-guidelines.mdx

8. **Security Implications** -- If there are security concerns in relation to the SEP, those concerns should be explicitly written out to make sure reviewers of the SEP are aware of them.

See the [SEP template](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/specification/blob/main/seps/README.md#sep-file-structure) for the complete file structure.

### SEP States

SEPs can be in one of the following states:

- `draft`: SEP proposal with a sponsor, undergoing informal review.
- `in-review`: SEP proposal ready for formal review by Core Maintainers.
- `accepted`: SEP accepted by Core Maintainers, but still requires final wording and reference implementation.
- `rejected`: SEP rejected by Core Maintainers.
- `withdrawn`: SEP withdrawn by the author.
- `final`: SEP finalized with reference implementation complete.
- `superseded`: SEP has been replaced by a newer SEP.
- `dormant`: SEP that has not found a sponsor and was subsequently closed.

### Status Management

**The Sponsor is responsible for updating the SEP status.** This ensures that status transitions are made by someone with the authority and context to do so appropriately. The sponsor:

> 1. Updates the `Status` field directly in the SEP markdown file

Reviewer: e.g.:

```suggestion
**The Sponsor is responsible for updating the SEP status.** This ensures that status transitions are made by someone with the authority and context to do so appropriately. The sponsor:

1. Ensures that the `Status` field in the SEP markdown file is accurate
```
